revise: ckToken pages and ICP/ICRC index page (#5680)
dfinity/portal: docs/defi/token-integrations/index.mdx

<MarkdownChipRow labels={["Intermediate", "Concept"  ]} />

Developers can integrate with the ICP or ICRC-1 ledgers using either the ICRC Rosetta or ICP Rosetta implementations, which are commonly recommended; however certain workflows may prefer to directly integrate with these ledgers.

:::info
Tokens other than ICP, e.g., ckBTC or CHAT, follow the ICRC suite of standards (ICRC-1, ICRC-2, etc.) and can be integrated in a similar manner as the main ICP token. For differences in detail, see below.
:::

> - **Direct integration**: For a direct integration, one needs to provide an integration layer that interacts with ICP canisters via the ICP API. To support ICP tokens, the integration layer needs to call into the ICP ledger canister to issue and retrieve transactions. On ICP, submitting messages does not require running a node, as all of the communication uses publicly available URLs and can be validated using the network's public key and chain-key cryptography. This type of integration requires familiarity with the ICP API and the ICP ledger API. There are API libraries for JavaScript/TypeScript, Rust, Java, C, C++, and Go.

Reviewer: I find this text a bit confusing. Based on the sentence on line 16 and the second sentence here "To support ICP tokens", I would assume that this refers to any token on ICP, but the second sentence then continues with "call into the ICP ledger canister", which suggests it is the ICP token only, and not any e.g., ck or SNS ICRC-1 based ledger token. Maybe the confusion also comes from the fact that on other chains, you only need to connect to a single "faucet" to get information about all the tokens, whereas on ICP you need to connect to the individual ledger canister of each individual token. I tried to address this in the suggestion below, but feel free to reword it in a way that better matches how we describe things elsewhere!

```suggestion
- **Direct integration**: For a direct integration, one needs to provide an integration layer that interacts with ICP canisters via the ICP API. To support tokens on ICP, the integration layer needs to call into the individual ledger canisters corresponding to each token, to issue and retrieve transactions. On ICP, submitting messages does not require running a node, as all of the communication uses publicly available URLs and can be validated using the network's public key and chain-key cryptography. This type of integration requires familiarity with the ICP API and the ICP ledger API. There are API libraries for JavaScript/TypeScript, Rust, Java, C, C++, and Go.
```
